The principal.
I'm sorry to disappoint you.
This time.
Give me one more chance.
This time I must be filial, this scum must pay the price.
Give you one more chance.
Tell me how many chances I gave you.
You satisfy me.
The player
Last chance, you'll use it.
I can assure the family of my salary.
I will definitely complete the mission this time.
You're a contestant.
Be a assured contestant.
I will definitely live up to expectations.
Make that scum pay.
I don't know what's gone crazy in this short time.
Don't argue with me.
I have no one to save.
If not, do you think your mother's family could live up to now?
The principal is assured.
I've called someone to kidnap To Van Xi.
Qin lacking that piece of trash will definitely not appear at the ban conference.
This last chance.
If you don't succeed
The family doesn't need to exist.
Sun Cang tonight
You didn't come back this time.